Update funding docs with minimal phase I/II wording (#109)
astropy/project: finance/funding_requests.md

## Contract Work

*Our intent is to build this into a process that allows both existing
 and potential new contributors to propose ideas for funding by the
 Astropy community but this requires time to develop a process for
 balancing different priorities for limited funding.  In 2020, funding

>  was offered to current astropy team members and no more funding is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 a fixed amount of funding, not based on numbers of hours worked, was offered to current astropy maintainers and no more funding is
```
